here we are at beautiful Lake Tiana got
the day to ourselves before giving on
the chopper and going up to now likes
more which is behind us it's every year
ten out puts on an event called the
Kepler challenge it's a 60 K ultra
marathon that runners go right around
the kipler track it's pretty intense
I did mine eight hours and the winners
generally come in and Tad over four
hours a long way to go before I get
there but pretty awesome track and good
to be back in town now and fly to the
top and about ten minutes
we've got workers we love New Zealand
step there grab the chopper up to the
top of the Qibla it's gonna be a pretty
cool little journey the sun's cleared up
for us pretty much okay
yeah it's been good so I've got a whole
lot of food for the next pretty ton of
it days who's gonna do a big three
aerial flyover and then off to the
Milford day after
so we're here with Kristen we just
arrived that luxmore hut and we've been
welcomed here into a beautiful art and
we're about to head down to the caves so
what is it about these caves like the
caves are essentially a remnant of
geological activity and erosion and the
stealth Titan stalagmites have been
built since in very very pretty and well
worth the experience to ideally feel
unbelievable after this thank you yes
thank you for coming it's a beautiful
place down here come back another day
we'll send your friends some sister just
started to come over the shoulder and
it's been a bit of stay overnight it's
about minus 2 degrees freezing it's a
pretty good start to three hours of
Alpine helicopter filming